README.md, before:

# gbuckingham89/laraflash

A package for handling flash messages / notifications in Laravel.

Developed for Laravel 5.2, but may also work in earlier 5.* versions. The levels of priority for messages and included view are optimised for use with [Bootstrap](http://www.getbootstrap.com).

## Installation

The recommended way is using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org) - simply run this command in your terminal:

	composer require gbuckingham89/laraflash
	
You'll then need to register the service provider by adding the following to the `providers` array in your `app.php` config file:

    Gbuckingham89\Laraflash\LaraflashServiceProvider::class

You'll also need to register the facade by adding the following to the `aliases` array in your `app.php` config file:

    'Laraflash' => Gbuckingham89\Laraflash\Laraflash::class 

Finally, you'll need to publish the view file (unless you want to roll your own). Do this by running this command in your terminal:

    php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Gbuckingham89\Laraflash\LaraflashServiceProvider"

## Use

### Setting a message

Before you redirect to another page, simply use the `Laraflash` facade to set your message. You can call the main `flash` method as follows:

    Laraflash::flash("This is a flash message.", "success");
    
The first parameter is your message, the second is the priority level. 

There are also four helper methods available for easier setting of priority levels:

    Laraflash::success("This is a success flash message.");
    
    Laraflash::info("This is an info flash message.");
    
    Laraflash::warning("This is a warning flash message.");
    
    Laraflash::danger("This is a danger flash message.");

### Displaying the message

To display the message, simply include the bundled view (built for Bootstrap) in your view:

    @include('laraflash::laraflash')

Alternatively, you can access the data in the session directly (stored in `laraflash.message` and `laraflash.level`) and roll your own view.

## Copyright and license

Code and documentation copyright 2017 [George Buckingham](https://www.georgebuckingham.com). Code released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/gbuckingham89/laraflash/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Version 2.0
- Rename some class files
- Enable package auto-discovery
- Imrpove README file

README.md, after:

# gbuckingham89/laraflash

A simple package for handling flash messages / notifications in Laravel. Written to suit my needs - but hopefully someone else will find it useful too.

Requires Laravel 5.2 or greater, but may also work in earlier 5.* versions. The levels of priority for messages and included view file are optimised for use with [Bootstrap 3](http://www.getbootstrap.com).

## Installation

The recommended way is using [Composer](https://getcomposer.org) - simply run this command in your terminal:

	composer require gbuckingham89/laraflash

If you're not just Laravel 5.5 or above, or if you've disabled auto discovery, you'll need to manually register the service provider and facade:

For the service provider, add the following to the `providers` array in your `app.php` config file:

    Gbuckingham89\Laraflash\ServiceProvider::class

For the facade, add the following to the `aliases` array in your `app.php` config file:

    'Laraflash' => Gbuckingham89\Laraflash\Facade::class

Finally, you'll need to publish the view file (unless you want to roll your own). Do this by running this command in your terminal:

    php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Gbuckingham89\Laraflash\ServiceProvider"

## Use

### Setting a message

Before you redirect to another page, simply use the `Laraflash` facade to set your message. You can call the main `flash` method as follows:

    Laraflash::flash("This is a flash message.", "success");

The first parameter is your message, the second is the priority level.

There are also four helper methods available for easier setting of priority levels:

    Laraflash::success("This is a success flash message.");

    Laraflash::info("This is an info flash message.");

    Laraflash::warning("This is a warning flash message.");

    Laraflash::danger("This is a danger flash message.");

### Displaying the message

To display the message, simply include the bundled view (built for Bootstrap) in your view:

    @include('laraflash::laraflash')

Alternatively, you can access the data in the session directly (stored in `laraflash.message` and `laraflash.level`) and roll your own view.

## Copyright and license

Code and documentation copyright 2017 [George Buckingham](https://www.georgebuckingham.com).

Code released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/gbuckingham89/laraflash/blob/master/LICENSE).
